[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/network/network-managers/scope-connections/README.md

> # AVNM Scope Connections `[Microsoft.Network/networkManagers/scopeConnections]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Network Manager Scope Connections `[Microsoft.Network/networkManagers/scopeConnections]`
```

> This module deploys an Azure Virtual Network Manager (AVNM) ScopeConnection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys an Network Manager Scope Connection.
```
